Lorenz 0.4.0
============

This version of Lorenz consolidates the work towards supporting additional formats, even
going as far to support those formats. A number of breaking changes have been made in order
to support these formats, in addition to new constructs to make using Lorenz easier.

The following formats are now supported:

- [Enigma](http://www.cuchazinteractive.com/enigma/)
- [JAM](https://github.com/caseif/JAM)
- [Kin](https://github.com/KyoriPowered/heart/blob/8b739bf173a43933d6743b86be16e811a0293624/src/main/java/net/kyori/heart/mapping/type/KinMappingType.java)

Big thanks to @Minecrell, for his help towards this release!

- [Contributions to Bombe](https://github.com/jamiemansfield/Bombe/commits?author=Minecrell)
- [Contributions to Lorenz](https://github.com/jamiemansfield/Lorenz/commits?author=Minecrell)

## Changes

### Type Model

Lorenz 0.4.0 has received a major overhaul of the type model, migrating that section of
the codebase over to its own project ([Bombe](https://github.com/jamiemansfield/Bombe)),
and introducing a great deal of safety to types and their uses.

- `PrimitiveType` has been split up to `BaseType` and `VoidType`, becoming more in line
  with the JVM specification.
  - However, there now exists a `PrimtiveType` interface that both `BaseType` and
    `VoidType` inherit.
- `FieldType` has been introduced, providing type safety for field types (void is not a
  valid field or parameter descriptor as per the JVM specification).
- The `#getObfuscated()` and `#getDeobfuscated(MappingSet)` methods no longer exist in
  either `Type` or `MethodDescriptor`.
  - Calls to `#getObfuscated()` should be replaced with calls to `#toString()`.
  - Calls to `#getDeobfuscated(MappingSet)` should be replaced with calls to
    `MappingSet#deobfuscate` for the appropriate type.
- `MethodDescriptor#compile()` has been renamed to `MethodDescriptor#of()`.
- The 'convenience' signature constructors have been replaced with `#of(String, String)`
  methods. 

### I/O

Previously Lorenz had only supported text-based mapping formats and gave them a rather
strict means of being implemented. Lorenz 0.4.0 has generified the I/O classes to be more
adaptable to a greater number of situations, including binary-based formats.

The provided implementations of mapping format I/O classes have also been moved to their
own packages in preparation of the modularisation that will happen in Lorenz 0.5.0 (more
on that later).

- `MappingsReader` and `MappingsWriter` have been generified and are no longer dependent
  on text-based formats.
  - There is abstract classes for both text-based formats and binary-based formats.
- The `Processor`s of text-based formats are now contained as inner classes of their
  parent reader.
  - The processors no longer use Guava's `LineProcessor`, instead using Java's `Consumer`.
- `MappingsReader#parse()` has been refactored to `MappingsReader#read()` becoming more
  consistent with the reader naming.
- The mapping readers will now throw exceptions when given bad input, as opposed to ignoring
  it as it did in the past.
  - Do note that SRG package mappings are'nt considered bad input, and will be silently
    ignored.
  - This remains to be something that needs to be looked into further, and expect changes
    to be made in 0.5.0/1.0.0.
- Introduced a `MappingFormat` interface, with convenience methods that will be useful to
  consumers of Lorenz.
  - Notably there are convenience methods for operating with `Path`s directly.
    - `MappingFormat#read(Path)`
    - `MappingFormat#write(MappingSet, Path)`
  - There is a psuedo-enumeration of `MappingFormat`s implemented within Lorenz available
    through the `MappingFormats` class.
  
### Other

These changes, though notable, are not large enough to warrant their own section. Most of
the changes listed here are features / changes to better support the new formats that
Lorenz supports.

- Fields are now stored using their signature as a key, not their obfuscated name.
- FieldTypeProviders no longer guarantee the availability of field type information.
- MappingSet makes use of a CascadingFieldTypeProvider allowing multiple providers to be used.
- Method Parameter Mappings are now supported, using the index of the parameter as the
  obfuscated name and key.
  - To make this change, `MemberMapping` was altered to become generic - allowing for any
    parent mapping of type `Mapping`.
- The dependency on Guava has been dropped.
  
## Modularisation

As previously mentioned, Lorenz 0.5.0 will have *complete* modularisation. This will go
further than the "primitive" modularisation present in 0.4.0. There will exist individual
modules for each format supported in Lorenz, as opposed to being included in the base
module.

Complete modularisation was deferred until 0.5.0 to not hold back any further on a 0.4.0
release, and allow for adequate time to consider a few technical points that would be nice
to have solved.
    
### Lorenz-ASM

The first module has appeared! Lorenz-ASM provides a number of utilities that may be useful
when using Lorenz with ASM.

- An implementation of ASM's `Remapper` class, backed by a `MappingSet` and an
  `InheritanceProvider` (from Bombe).
  - This class was previously available through
    [Survey](https://github.com/jamiemansfield/Survey) and notably the Lorenz version
    lacks the `SignatureAdapter` that can handle broken signatures produced by obfuscators.
    This omission was made simply as fixing issues with obfuscators does not fall within
    Lorenz's remit.
  - Bombe-ASM (which Lorenz-ASM depends on) has 2 implementations of `InheritanceProvider`.
- An implementation of Lorenz's `FieldTypeProvider`, backed by a `SourceSet` (from
  Bombe-ASM).
