Lorenz 0.4.0
============

This version of Lorenz consolidates the work towards supporting additional formats, even
going as far to support those formats. A number of breaking changes have been made in order
to support these formats, in addition to new constructs to make using Lorenz easier.

The following formats are now supported:

- Enigma
- JAM
- Kin

## Changes

- The type model from [Bombe](https://github.com/jamiemansfield/Bombe) is now in use,
  replacing the type model previously included in Lorenz.
  - `PrimitiveType` has been split up to `BaseType` and `VoidType`, becoming more in line
    with the JVM specification.
  - `FieldType` has been introduced, providing type safety for field types (void is not a
    valid field descriptor as per the JVM specification).
  - The `#getObfuscated()` and `#getDeobfuscated(MappingSet)` methods no longer exist in
    either `Type` or `MethodDescriptor`.
    - Calls to `#getObfuscated()` should be replaced with calls to `#toString()`.
    - Calls to `#getDeobfuscated(MappingSet)` should be replaced with calls to
      `MappingSet#deobfuscate` for the appropriate type.
- The LineProcessors for mapping readers are now contained as inner classes of the parent
  reader.
- Readers and Writers can now be used for formats that are'nt text-based (e.g. binary formats
  such as kin). Consumers of the previous MappingsReader and MappingsWriter classes should
  be able to migrate to the Text variants.
- Fields are now stored using their signature as a key, not their obfuscated name.
- FieldTypeProviders no longer guarantee the availability of field type information.
- MappingSet makes use of a CascadingFieldTypeProvider allowing multiple providers to be used.
- The mapping readers will now throw exceptions when given bad input, as opposed to ignoring
  it as it did in the past.
  - Do note that SRG package mappings are'nt considered bad input, and will be silently
    ignored.
- `MappingsReader#parse()` has been refactored to `MappingsReader#read()` becoming more
  consistent with the reader naming.
- Readers and Writers have been moved, with each format having its own package with both
  the writer(s) and reader(s).
  - In addition, the base reader and writer classes have been moved to simply the `io`
    package.
- Method Parameter Mappings are now supported, using the index of the parameter as the
  obfuscated name and key.
  - To make this change, `MemberMapping` was altered to become generic - allowing for any
    parent mapping of type `Mapping`.
- Introduced a `MappingFormat` interface, with convenience methods that will be useful to
  consumers of Lorenz.
- Introduced a `lorenz-asm` module
  - Has an implementation of `Remapper` allowing for classes to be remapped based on a
    `MappingSet`.
  - An implementation of `FieldTypeProvider` backed by a `SourceSet`.
