Lorenz 0.6.0
============

## Groovy DSL

Lorenz now has a Groovy DSL, that simplifies the creation of mappings.

```groovy
def EXTRA = new ExtensionKey(String, 'extra')

def mappings = MappingSetDsl.create {
    klass('a') {
        deobf = 'Demo'
        extension EXTRA, 'demo data'
        
        field('g') { deobf = 'name' }
        
        method('h', '(Z)Ljava/lang/String;') {
            deobf = 'getName'
            
            param(0) { deobf = 'example' }
        }
    }
}
```

To use the Groovy DSL, simply add `org.cadixdev:lorenz-dsl-groovy:0.6.0` to your build
tool.

## ASM Module

Inline with changes made in Bombe 0.4.0, the ASM package is no more - with both classes
now available under the same package in the core Lorenz module.

## Enigma Module

The Enigma mapping format no longer erroneously reports the standard file extension as
being "enigma", but rather the standard (as set by cuchaz's mapping project, and continued
by the Fabric Project) "mapping". The former file extension is included as a supported file
extension with the new multiple file extension functionality (detailed below).

Additionally, we now have support for reading/writing Fabric's fork of the format (which
merely differs by usage of the `none/` prefix) - registered as `fabric-engima`.

## Mapping Formats

### Registration

Mapping Formats are still registered by use of service loaders, populating a registry in
`MappingFormats` - however their registration key (identifier) is now more explicit, and
formats are able to provide a name. Implementations must now provide the following:
- Name (can be used by tools such as Symphony)
- Identifier (used as the registration key)

### File extensions

Mapping Formats can now specify multiple file extensions that are typical, this will allow
tools such as Symphony and Nocturne to give richer (and more useful) file choice dialogs.

### Miscellaneous

- Mapping formats can now specify whether they support reading and writing. This will allow
  tools, for example, to only show supported formats in a file save or file read dialog
- The Kin IO module has been removed.

## Conveniences

- `Mapping#set(key, value)` now returns the `Mapping` allowing for fluent method calls.
- The de-obfuscated names of `Mapping`s are now observable, through
  `Mapping#addListener(MappingChangedListener)`.
